Add eslint rule for not allowing styled-jsx in _document.js (#32678)
vercel/next.js: errors/no-styled-jsx-in-document.md

# No styled-jsx in Document

### Why This Error Occurred

> Custom css like `styled-jsx` is not allowed in `pages/_document.{js,tsx}`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Custom CSS like `styled-jsx` is not allowed in a Custom Document.
```

### Possible Ways to Fix It

> If you need share css for all your pages, take a look at the `pages/_app.{js,tsx}` or define a custom layout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need shared CSS for all of your pages, take a look at the [Custom App](https://nextjs.org/docs/advanced-features/custom-app) file or define a custom layout.
```

For example, consider the following stylesheet named `styles.css`:

```css
body {
  font-family: 'SF Pro Text', 'SF Pro Icons', 'Helvetica Neue', 'Helvetica',
    'Arial', sans-serif;
  padding: 20px 20px 60px;
  max-width: 680px;
  margin: 0 auto;
}
```

Create a `pages/_app.{js,tsx}` file if not already present. Then, import the `styles.css` file.

```jsx
import '../styles.css'

// This default export is required in a new `pages/_app.js` file.
export default function MyApp({ Component, pageProps }) {
  return <Component {...pageProps} />
}
```

These styles (`styles.css`) will apply to all pages and components in your application.

### Useful links

- [Custom Document Caveats](https://nextjs.org/docs/advanced-features/custom-document#caveats)
- [Layouts](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/layouts)

> - [Built in CSS Support](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/built-in-css-support)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Built in CSS Support](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/built-in-css-support)
- [Custom `App`](https://nextjs.org/docs/advanced-features/custom-app)
```
